Hey everyone.
So we've been wanting to make a video about this topic
for quite a while.
The infamous "DTR".
Yeah, so huge thanks to Google Home,
and Google Play Music for making video possible.
Be sure to stay tuned to the end, to find out
How you can meet us in L.A this weekend.
Hope you enjoy!
Happy valentines day to me!
You're so lame.
I've got to go make some plans. Okay...
Can you please wash your dishes T.J!
I have someone coming over,
and I need our place to be clean.
Do you really need to clean
For your single ladies wine and whine night?
Not them! It's um...Jeffery.
Jeffery?
Whoa! On Valentines day?
Are you guys each others dates?
We both didn't have plans, so we're just hanging out.
You guys have been hanging out for a couple of months now.
It's clear what's going on.
You guys need to "DTR."
"DTR?"
Define the relationship.
We're not in a relationship.
Okay, Google. Define relationship.
Relationship is the way in which two or more concepts, objects or people
are connected, or the state of being connected.
Okay, Google. What about boyfriend?
Boyfriend. A regular male companion with whom one has a romantic relationship.
I wish.
Come over here!
Don't you wanna get out of this weird grey area with him?
Yes. But he still hasn't said if he has feelings yet.
Ohhhh...maybe...
You could tell him first.
No.
Why not?
Because I'm scared.
How do you think guys feel? We do it all the time.
We have to put up with so much too.
Let's call it even.
It's 2017.
Gender roles are out the window.
Tacho shells are made of chicken.
I can talk to my electronics!
Okay, Google. Play some music for chillin' with friends on my TV.
All right. Here's a Google Play Music station called "Chillin' the Beats" on your TV.
We're in the future!
Well, here in the future
it's still hard to tell someone "I like you"
especially someone like Jeffery who's such a close friend.
What are you so afraid of?
Umm I don't know. That he won't like me back
That I'll be devastated with embarrassment
That I'll become a recluse with regret
That my long lasting friendship has now devolved into awkward side hugs and small talk about traffic.
Riggggghhht.
Okay, let me ask you something.
Remember that one guy last year with the socks?
Yeah, he called you everyday and texted you every time he saw something that reminded him of you.
You were so sure that he liked you.
Yeah, so annoying.
That's exactly what Jeffrey's been doing!
How come you're not sure this time?
Because!
Because when I like them
I just...I doubt myself.
Helps protect my feelings.
Look, I get it.
As a guy,
I've told many girls that I've liked them.
Do you want a medal or something?
And yeah, it sucks to feel rejected
but it is a great feeling when you can be honest with yourself.
But doesn't it still come off too forward if a girl makes the first move?
You know, if a girl tells a girl she likes him,
people think she's desperate.
Jen!
Yes.
You're a girl right?
Have you ever told a guy you liked him before?
Yeah, and I do it all the time.
And are you ever worried about coming off as desperate?
Nooo.
It's not like I'm DM-ing my entire feed.
Except for right now to get away from you.
Here's the thing.
When it comes to dating
I don't wanna play games. I just don't have time for any of that.
Fine, you're so experienced.
But how do you do it?
Well, how do you want someone to tell you?
I want them to be respectful and not too forceful.
And honest enough so that everything's off their chest.
Just like that.
That's how you do it.
Oh crap! That's him.
You got this. Come on! Go!
Okay, Google. Play something romantic.
Sure. Here's a Google Play Music Station called "The Indie Crush Mixtape."
Go, go!
Hey! Hey!
Dude...hahaha
Ready to celebrate Single Awareness Day?
Yeah, I got all the worst movies queued up.
Hey Jeffrey! I didn't know you were coming.
Just missed ya. Bye!
Hi Jeff!
Hi!
Bye Jeff!
Oh...Umm..Okay...
See ya!
So, should I start making the popcorn?
Actually, let's just chat first.
Feel like we haven't caught up in a while.
I just saw you this Tuesday.
Just sit.
I'm sorry, I just...I need to tell you something.
Okay sure sure.
Whoo..okay
I'm just...I'm thinking about it too much.
I'm just gonna say it.
What's going on?
We've been friends for awhile now
and I mean, we're hanging out a lot.
You call me, like, every other day.
And you text me every time you see something that reminds you of me.
and never talk about other girls around me.
If you were any other guy, I would totally know that you had feelings for me.
But, it's you, so I'm not so sure.
Because I'm doubting myself
That's because
it's because
I like you.
Ha..haha
Why are you laughing?
Sorry! I'm not laughing at you.
It's just like...
You know how an emotion can sometimes take over your physical functions?
What are you saying Jeff?
No. I like you too!
I like you too.
I've been wanting to tell you for a while now but
I was nervous because
I didn't want to risk ruining our friendship.
Okay then...
Okay.
So, I guess we defined the relationship.
Yes we did.
Now what?
Oh! I thought you wanted this.
Okay...
Have fun!
Nice....He's hot!
Jen!
I'm so sorry.
What are you saying Jeff?
No..no..I like you too.
I love you too.